Let me know when they're coming in if they have a good signal here.
Yeah.
Well, just the wafer.
You got one, two, here.
Oh, thanks, babe.
Communion on the go.
Praise the Lord.
Hello, everybody.
Tell us where you're from as you come in.
You're from all over the place, I'm sure.
600 already.
Wow, that's amazing.
It's 5 o'clock.
I'm trying different times to see which one is more convenient for people.
I know people are getting off work in America.
Is my background too blurry?
Oh, that's not too bad, is it?
Well, it's just an old green roof.
Instead of a green screen, I got a green roof.
Well, praise the Lord.
Well, we'll go ahead and get started, I guess.
Right.
1,000, 1,100.
Wow, they added quick.
Well, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me again today.
I'm here in Branson down here in Missouri, southern Missouri.
And we're at the prayer conference with Sister Billy.
And wow, what a meeting we had today.
They gave an altar call for the first time—and I don't see very many churches do this anymore—but they gave an altar call for the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
And I bet there was probably 100 people plus who came down there for the baptism of the Holy Spirit today.
And there was a lot of restirring up, you know, people that have been stuck on syllables and just getting stirred back up in the Holy Ghost.
And it's just wonderful to see.
Sister Lynn—I would encourage every one of you to go and watch Sister Lynn Hammond's message today, this morning at 10 o'clock at the prayer conference here at Branson.
I don't know how they can find it.
Is it billybrim.
org, or probably their YouTube channel?
You can find their YouTube channel, and then watch the prayer conference this morning at 10 o'clock.
And Billy spoke amazingly about the coming of the Lord in Second Thessalonians, and went all into how we're not going to be caught unaware, that in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, we'll all be changed.
She's talking about the glorious church rising and all kinds of great things today.
But one of the main things was that she said this because it was me that asked the question.
She said, 'Somebody asked me the question.
' Well, it was me that asked the question because I remember when I asked it.
So she said she said I asked her, I said, 'Billy, is this—are we seeing the peace and safety before the sudden destruction?
' And she said, 'Oh no, Brandon, that's during the Tribulation.
' So she taught on that today out of what our conversation was about.
So I thought that was really cool.
So I got a really good lesson about it all at the same time, and it was like, wow, you know.
So she went into the scripture, so you can go back and listen to that.
It's really good.
And so we're not appointed unto wrath, and we will not be caught unaware, that the body of Christ is watching for His return.
Do you understand, folks?
He's coming as we see the signs of the times, watching all around us right now as we speak.
Jesus Christ is getting ready to come back.
And I can feel—I have such an anticipation.
Sister Lynn was talking about how we're going to pray into that.
And it was cool because when you hear a general like that talking about the prayer things that we're doing, that I've learned by myself and she's probably learned by herself over the years, but I have nobody teaching me.
We just go down the road, me, Diana and I.
And I told you that there are rooms.
When you're praying in the spirit, there are actual rooms that you go into and you unlock when you're praying.
And it was amazing because she started teaching that today.
And I said, 'I've never heard anybody teach this before,' because I've only gotten this by—I know when certain people are there.
And I told you, if you go back and watch my last videos, it's like you know who's praying with you, and you become familiar with that person in the spirit realm.
My mouth's getting dry, but you get familiar with that person.
So when you start praying, you know that there's somebody—for instance, she prays for North Korea a lot, and the concentration camps with the Christians that are put in these work concentration camps, and she'll pray and she'll intercede for these people of North Korea, these Asian people that are being treated so terribly.
And so I thought it was really cool because, you know, when we go in the spirit, we start praying for the people in Nigeria whenever the Lord was showing us the—thank you, hun, well, you don't have a green screen so you can see this is probably my water—the persecution that's coming over the Nigerian people.
And when we were interceding for them, I saw the mothers and the children and the fathers.
Remember, if you go back in that video, we went into heavy travail, praying for the protection of the Nigerian people.
And so, oh, and then I got this—I don't know this lady's name.
I apologize because it was all happening so quickly.
We love—there are so many of you we got to meet today.
But she made me the quilt.
She could only do this by the Spirit of God.
I think her name was Jennifer.
Jennifer, thanks, love.
I know her name was Jennifer.
Diana told me—I did not know—but I'm saying she made this quilt.
Do you remember, Lucy, when I told you she was sitting on a quilt?
I mean, she was sitting in the rocking chair, and Jeannie Wilkerson and Rachel Teafatiller and them were all on these quilts, and they were praying.
Well, she made me a patchwork quilt that looked identical to the flowers, the purple and the little yellow ribbon on the squares.
Each one of them had a yellow ribbon, and over here it has the yellow ribbon and their flowers.
And she made this with the embroidery on it to look like what I saw in heaven.
Isn't that wonderful?
I thought that is so special.
She put her name on it.
Diana, her name is Jennifer.
You remembered.
I probably don't want to see, just in case it was her last name on there.
Yeah, don't say the last name.
Special, handmade by Jennifer.
That was so nice of her.
She didn't put her last name.
So, super, super, super sweet people.
I just thought, I'll cherish this for the rest of my life.
This is something that, because of something I saw in heaven, I had something tangible to touch.
I carried it with me to the altar today when I was praying for the people because I thought, I want to get the anointing all over this.
And I thought, you know, if I can, when the anointing comes on me, I want to put my hands on it and lay hands on this and let that anointing transfer because it goes into cloth.
And I told D, I said, 'I want to saturate this thing,' because I use it with my prayer shawl a lot.
But I thought, this is something so special to me now.
I'm going to carry it with me everywhere because I just love it.
I really, truly do, and I'll let Megan hold it.
But I just thought, what somebody took so much time to stitch this for me, and it really meant a lot because she got something out of the spirit, and she got it to a T.
And that's why I thought, look at that.
Only by the Spirit of God could somebody do that and do the colors and all the beautifulness of it.
And I thought, isn't that wonderful?
I don't know.
I just love it when people do stuff like that.
I just thought, look at that.
Isn't that wonderful?
So, I'll let you see my little treasure I got today.
But there's a lot going on, and I know I say that a lot.
That's where we are right now in the signs of the times.
I told Diana, I said, 'Look at what happened today.
' Look at what happened yesterday.
We have such an acceleration of things like we've never seen before.
Watching the fig tree, calling for peace with the Abrahamic Accords and acceleration of war.
You know, Putin has called for a meeting with President Trump in Hungary.
Hungary.
Did I say that right?
I don't know, I probably butchered the name.
But he's called for a meeting.
So, what is that meeting going to entail?
He's saying he's going to put pressure on them to cause peace in Ukraine.
But will this poke the bear?
You know, I saw the Tomahawk missiles flying into Moscow and a great escalation of war.
Now, I see in part here and in part there, and not everything, when I'm praying in the spirit and the Lord is showing us and revealing to us what we're praying about.
Some of it is to stop, to lessen, or some of it can't be.
And we're praying for the protection of the innocent, for lives not to be lost.
And so, you know, I still feel in my heart that this thing is really going to kick off to another level as I've been praying into it.
But what we have been really focusing on, even now, Diana and I and Braden, when we're praying, even when we came over here because we had all that time in the car, I went into deep intercession, into travail, praying over—how, Lord, help me, I want to get the right words—bringing in the closers.
And the Lord said to me, he said, "Brandon, you are about to see a phase of the elders again.
We're getting to that point where you'll see the elders start to go home.
" And he said, "I'm bringing in my closers.
I'm bringing in my closers.
" And I said, "Well, Lord, what is it about the closers?
What is this?
" And he says, "Study about it.
" So Diana starts doing her research.
The closers are the ones that handle all the pressure.
Whenever they get put on the mound to throw the baseball and they're getting ready to close the baseball game, they don't want to lose their lead.
They don't want to lose their momentum in the game.
So, they put somebody in that is like a warrior, somebody who is broken.
They put the warhorse in that is not going to be moved by all the bombs going off and all the craziness, right?
So, you put somebody in that has nerves of steel.
You put somebody in that is born for pressure.
And the Lord said to me, "Brandon, I'm putting in the closers.
" And I told Diana, I said, "So, when he's talking about us, ladies and gentlemen, he means that we are made for this time.
None of this is going to shake us or get us off our game because we're the closers.
We have been designed.
We have been foreordained—you know, when I told everybody that we're on that olive press and that we're the olives, and the olives are being pressed and pressed and pressed right now.
And he said, 'Brandon, that oil is going to start to flow from that olive press.
With persecution comes great olive oil with the press.
' And the Lord warned us about all that.
And so, that's what I have been praying into.
All hands on deck, getting people ready for what's about to happen.
When I went to the church and I wore the pink shorts and I prayed more into that, the Lord said, 'See, what I'm trying to tell you is you need to have less fear of man and more fear of me regardless of what I tell you to do.
Even if it sounds crazy to you, obey me at all costs.
Even if I tell you to wear a green shirt with polka dots, do you understand?
It's not about the clothes.
It's about humility and doing what he told you to do.
' Like Mary said, whatever he tells you to do, do it.
Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
And that's what the Lord was showing me with the pink shorts.
It wasn't about the pink shorts.
It was about obedience, even when you worry about what everybody else thinks around you.
And that's me dying to that—worried about comment sections, worried about emails, worried about just any knucklehead that comes on there telling you what they think and how they think you should do it better or whatever.
Following the voice of God at all costs.
No matter what you feel, no matter what you see or what you think, listen to him and listen again.
Follow the voice of God.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you all where we are right now.
The warhorses have those blinders on their eyes and they're not looking at what's going on with the missile going over here or somebody falling over there.
They're just focused on the task at hand, following the voice of their instructor.
Turn, go this way, go high, faster, faster, whatever.
They're listening to the man on the horse, to their rider.
So, what we're doing right now is listening to our Father, and we are that horse that is broken before the Lord.
And the Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, you're a closer.
These people on this YouTube channel, I have called them to the kingdom for such a time as this, to bring the lost in, to bring in the unsaved.
You're running out of time and you're going to see an escalation of things as we see the days approach and they're evil.
The darkness is going to get darker, but the light is going to get lighter in the church.
' And that's what he was trying to show me—no matter what you step into, like I was at a really amazing church, but he said, 'Go in there with pink shorts on.
' And I'm going back to that because it's not about what they say.
It's about what I say.
Do what I tell you to do.
Do what I tell you to do and do it with all your heart.
Whatever you do in word and deed, do all to the glory of God, even if you think it makes you look foolish.
So, that's what a warhorse would do, and that's what a closer would do.
It's not about the pressure.
So, that's what I've been praying into.
That's been my assignment over the last week, praying for the people that have a backbone like a crowbar, that will not sway when the opinions of man come, because I'm telling you, great persecution is coming.
Great persecution is coming to the church.
And the Lord said, 'A shaking to awaken is coming.
' And so, I talked to Pastor Paul Begley.
He had me on his YouTube broadcast, and he recorded me, and he wanted me to be for some seminar that he's doing.
And so, I talked for over an hour, and I gave him 20 prophetic words that have been stirring in my spirit for the last year and what I believe is coming.
Some of it, like I said, you know, he called me a prophet and everything and said about Kim Clement and all that, and that's a great honor, but I truly do not see myself as a prophet.
I see myself as a watchman, but I don't ever correct people, I just keep going.
But you know me, y'all, I really truly believe that God has called me to be a prayer warrior.
He even said—because my main thing, I was so excited because I love to go around these healing ministries, go around with Billy Burke and see healing and do things.
And the Lord said to me, 'I know you really enjoy this, I know you do'—because I'm like, 'I want to go again because I love to see people get blessed like that'—but he said, 'That's not your main vein.
Your main vein is intercessory prayer, and that's what I've called you to.
So, you've got to go around the prayer people now.
Go over here and get around your brothers and your sisters that know how to intercede.
' So, that's what we're here in Branson doing now.
And all glory to God.
And thank you all for always supporting us and being so kind to my family with these super thanks.
I see them going up.
And you all are just so kind.
You're so kind to Diana and me.
And we want to say thank you from the bottom of our hearts.
You don't realize how much you've changed our life by freeing us up.
We don't have to worry about eBay and be able to say, "Hey, listen.
We can go to this conference and stay a couple of days.
" And whenever I was going through all the spiritual warfare that I went through for the last couple of weeks, it has been incredible.
But the Lord, I'm telling you, remember I told you the last time, I said when you get underneath that anointing and that wave of the glory keeps washing you, it keeps knocking you.
And I'm telling you, that thing that's in your life has an expiration date.
No matter how dark you think your circumstances are, or even like whenever you have weeks like we had, there's an expiration date to your problems.
When you're walking through the valley, you don't camp there.
When you're walking through the valley of the shadow of death, you don't camp there.
You get a recreational vehicle, you put it in four-wheel drive, and you keep going.
You don't camp there.
I told Diana, "I'm not camping here.
I'm not feeling sorry for myself.
I have to get my bearings, you know.
" And that's where we were.
And now I'm so excited.
I got to go to those meetings with Billy Burke, and he's such a dear friend.
And now I'm here with my friend Billy Brim, and she's my friend.
I love her dearly.
She's a mama of the faith to me.
So that's what we're doing right now.
And we're here helping pray.
We have a job to do.
It's like Sister Lynn said today.
She said, "We must pray.
" We prayed for the election this time last year.
If everybody remembers in America, what were we so focused on at this time last year?
The election.
We were interceding and praying that God would give us a president that was radical, not Kamala Harris.
Is the glare getting them?
Yeah.
You want to put that over there like that?
Can you bring it?
I can't reach it, son.
If it's making too much of a glare, I don't want to look like I'm glowing with the glory because that's not the glory.
It's the sun.
You can go in front of it.
Okay.
Just go.
Sorry, Braden.
It's halftime.
Yeah.
Can you bring it over?
It won't move over.
Have to.
You know what?
I think there's a little chain over here, son.
Oh, here.
That's what we'll do.
That's decoration.
Okay.
How's that?
There you go.
Is it now?
Am I too dark?
No, that's good.
Okay.
You going to tell him hi.
Sit over here on my sofa.
Come over here.
You say hi.
Hi.
Can you say hi?
Yeah.
Do you see him?
Say hello.
That's Braden.
Has anyone seen Braden before?
That's my son.
He's the one behind the camera that's always doing all the arts and all the stuff.
People send him birthday cards, and he was so excited about his birthday cards.
Thank you.
That's my community.
Thank you so much.
Tell him.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, you are so kind.
Thank you.
Yep.
Telling him happy birthday.
He's so excited.
He's getting older.
I got him a cell phone.
He's going to start recording off of that now.
I told him, "I'll get you a new iPhone for your birthday.
" So he was so excited.
We waited, we got it in the mail, and so he's going to start recording with that because he's using his phone right now for this broadcast.
So, where's Diana?
Come over here and say hi.
They miss you.
I'm sure she's over here praying for me while I was doing this.
You can say hi.
Hi.
We love you all so much.
Thank you for praying with us.
Yeah.
So, I don't know if y'all can even see me.
You look beautiful.
Go say smile.
It's a really comfortable chair.
Oh yeah.
It's lumpy, though.
You say this is your La-Z-Boy chair.
That's your La-Z-Boy chair.
So, we met some more people that were from Asia.
We met this lady from China today, and she was so excited.
She wanted to—she says, "We watch your China channel.
" It is so awesome to see so many people come in, and they're from Asia saying, "I came here because of you to come to the meeting today.
" And they speak really good English.
So, I think it's really cool because I know they speak two different languages.
Obviously, one, I think it was South Korea and China, because we prayed for a lady from China today—her son had something wrong with him.
Yes.
And so, he needed prayer.
So, that was cool.
You know, we just get to meet all kinds of cool people.
And the lady from Anchorage, I met her.
All right, let's take communion.
I'll pray with y'all for a little bit before the meeting starts.
I've only been doing this for 15 minutes, so we're doing really good.
It hasn't been that long a time.
Was there any more news, son?
Sweden to begin stockpiling food for the first time since the Cold War.
Now, that's interesting, isn't it?
Because we have all these countries that you haven't heard anything from, you haven't seen anything.
And now they're bringing up the Cold War, and the Lord said it's about the 1960s.
It's about all these different time frames.
And I said that that's not coincidence.
Paisley, you can't come in here.
I don't want you on this video, baby.
Okay?
Daddy's doing a live thing.
You can say hello everybody, but don't come over here on the video.
Hello, everybody.
Say hello.
Say God bless you.
God bless you.
So, all right.
One day I'll let her on here.
She's just too young yet.
I don't want her on the internet yet.
She said, "Hello, everybody.
" All right.
So, let's take communion together and we'll pray.
Father, I just thank you, Father, for your body.
I thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
Lord, we take this body in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions, you were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we're healed.
And Lord, we lift up the body before you.
We thank you, Lord, that we're delivered from all sickness, all disease, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
You promise in your word, Lord, that we don't have to go through all that.
According to Galatians, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
From the top of our head to the soles of our feet, we're delivered from sickness and disease.
And we thank you, Father, that we have that anointing.
We have that treasure in earthen vessels—that the excellency of the power will be known of you and not of us.
And we believe, Father, we believe for supernatural increase, supernatural Holy Ghost.
You know, like I was praying about these afflictions creating a greater glory.
Would you find that scripture for me, love?
Yes.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, for this body, and we lift it up before you, God, and we thank you, Lord, that you have done all of it, and you paid the price for us to walk in victory in Jesus' name.
Every single one of those scriptures, there's four of them.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
The one is Second Corinthians.
You can read over here.
Okay, read over here so they can hear you.
Now we take the blood.
There's four scriptures about—there's four scriptures that I had on my notes about these afflictions causing the greater glory.
A refiner's fire causes the greater glory.
It's not how much you pray.
It's not how much you read your Word.
It had to do with going on the potter's wheel.
The potter's wheel creates the greater glory in your life.
And there's scripture to back it.
So, Father, we thank you for the blood.
We plead the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we apply the blood of Jesus Christ over every single one of us today.
And we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
We plead the blood over our minds today, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that it's uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that it's never lost its power.
It's never lost its strength.
It is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And Jesus Christ paid the price.
He is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And the same God that healed back then is healing the sick today.
And we believe, Father, that this is the meal that heals.
We believe in the power of the covenant.
We believe in the blood of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood right now.
And I apply it over my wife, over my son, over my daughters, in the name of Jesus, and over this hotel room.
And I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that Father, that the glory of the Lord is resting on us, Father, that the light of God shines in our hearts and is in our faces.
That when people see us, they see Jesus.
They don't see us.
They say, 'There's something different about you.
' That every pore, every fiber of our being screams, 'The glory of the Lord is here.
' I thank you, Father, that if Moses's face could shine with the glory, Brandon's face and Diana's face, your face can shine with the glory.
I thank you, Lord, that you are no respecter of persons.
And as he is, so are we in this world.
And I believe, Father, that the best is yet to come for the body of Christ.
And we take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Thank you for remembering that, love.
You remembered everything when you brought that.
You even knew to bring my communion for me.
I've got a winner.
I'm telling you, I have a winner.
She even doesn't forget about my communion.
I thought, 'I don't want everybody thinking, "Well, Brandon, I got to help him out with communion.
"' I had it.
I'm just in a hotel.
Okay.
Go ahead and read it, love.
Can I— I'll move over.
No, I'm good.
Okay.
So, it's 2 Corinthians.
For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory, while we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen.
For the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal.
And then Romans, for I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.
Now it's my favorite.
Read it again.
Romans.
For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.
Do you think about what he's saying?
For the sufferings basically equal the greater glory for what will be the glory in us.
Do you understand, folks?
The refining fire.
And that's what he's been.
Go ahead.
I don't want to stop.
You keep going.
There's more.
2 Corinthians 1:5.
For as the sufferings of Christ abound in us, so our consolation also aboundeth by Christ.
And then there's James 1:2 through 4, which says, 'My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations, knowing this, the trying of your faith worketh patience, but let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing.
Let patience have his perfect work.
' So faith and patience, the power twins.
Yeah.
Faith and patience, the power twins.
And then I found this one more.
1 Peter 4:12-13.
Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happened unto you, but rejoice in as much as ye are partakers of Christ's sufferings, that when his glory shall be revealed, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy.
Think about that one.
Read that again.
Do you all get it?
It's going through Christ's sufferings is the greater glory.
So the persecution of things that I've seen, a great shaking to awakening.
Read it again, love.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you as though some strange thing happened unto you.
But rejoice in as much as ye are partakers of Christ's sufferings, that when his glory shall be revealed, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy.
That's it.
But that's why he was showing me that a great shaking to awaken is coming.
He said, 'It's no longer coming.
It's here.
' But it's not always that it affects America.
It's because the body of Christ is not America, okay?
The body of Christ is the world.
And so as we see persecution coming to Canada and they're wanting to vote against them having religious— being able to have it tax-exempt, they want to take away tax-exempt status for the religious organizations in Canada.
They want to— in the UK, the United Kingdom, you're not allowed to say certain things.
You can't even preach to people.
They'll give you a two-year sentence.
We see people being murdered in Nigeria and in Iran and all these places of great escalation of things, and that's what the Lord said.
We have a window.
I really truly believe we need to do everything we can in this window as we see the day approaching.
As we see the day approaching, it's getting closer and closer, and I feel such an urgency in my spirit, even being here at this prayer conference, that there's so much work to be done.
I don't feel like we scratched it today.
We led a lot of people in the baptism of the Holy Spirit, but there's much work to be done concerning midterm elections.
Midterm elections.
If you think that we're just going to steamroll this and have a red wave in November of 2026, you're mistaken.
You're mistaken.
We must pray about our elections already for midterms this time next year.
We'll be there, and we'll be getting ready to cross over into that, and it will be a stalemate presidency for two years, and he won't be able to get the rest of his stuff done that I feel like the Lord has told him to do.
And we need this wealth transfer as we see all the stock markets because the government's still shut down and all the stuff going on right now.
I believe that we need to pray today to intercede for our government, for peace in Jerusalem, to pray for the remaining hostage deal to be taken care of, and that whatever this meeting is with Vladimir Putin and President Trump in Hungary, that it will be a peaceful meeting.
Excuse me.
See, I've been doing good, though.
I haven't coughed as much when I did.
I'm feeling a lot better.
That thing will try to linger.
My voice hasn't totally straightened out, but it's a lot better than it was, huh?
So, let's pray.
Okay.
You want to intercede with me for a little bit?
How many people we have on here?
4,400.
Okay.
4,400 people.
Let's pray.
You want to intercede with me?
We'll pray.
We'll pray in the spirit, and I'm going to pray in tongues for— I got a little bit here before I have to leave.
So we're just going to intercede, and we'll pray, and if the Lord shows us stuff, we— I'm so grateful.
If he doesn't, we'll just pray, and we'll just let him lead.
Okay.
Father, I thank you that you lead, we follow.
We honor you.
We magnify you, for you are King of Kings and Lord.
Oh, and I have to say, let's go tubing.
Who wants to go tubing?
That's what people want to know.
So, Father, I thank you, Father, for all the scriptures that Diana read today.
Father, that we are the— that horse that is bridled, that is broken, we're war horses, we're the closers, and pressure doesn't change us.
We thank you, Lord, that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
It took somebody with some nerve, like Esther, to stand before the king and approach him without having the scepter pointed toward her.
It took some guts.
It took her to be a closer in her generation.
It took her to have a backbone to say, "You know what?
If I perish, I perish.
But I will not stand idly by and allow my people to face genocide and let all my people be wiped out.
I will stand in the gap.
I will stand in the gap as the watchman on the wall," is what she did that day, and go before the king and say, "I will present myself; even if I perish, I perish.
" And I believe that it's going to take that kind of bulldog faith in these last days, that if we perish, we will not bow and we will not burn.
We will not bow our knee to Baal.
We will not, and we will not burn.
I believe that it's time that no matter how bad they try to tell us, "You need to bow," we have a fourth man in the fire.
I believe there's a fourth man in the fire with us.
I believe that Jesus Christ himself is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and he's standing next to you today in your circumstances.
And there is an expiration date—I say that over and over again—to your problems.
I thank you, Father, that you know every single need behind this camera right now.
You know every single person, what they need, whether it's finances, health, their marriage, their jobs, persecution, wherever they are.
But God, I thank you that you meet them at the point of their need today.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there is nothing missing, nothing broken, and everything they put their hands to will prosper.
We call them blessed in the city, blessed in the field, blessed coming in, and blessed going out.
We call them to have more than enough, Father, to do everything that you've called them to do.
Father, this is a time of great acceleration, not decrease, but the body of Christ taking the land for Jesus.
We'll grab hold of the land and we'll take it back for you.
Father, this is a time and a season of great harvest.
Now, Father, you said, "Be patient with my babies, for the babies are coming.
" Now, Satan, we say take your eyes off of the babies' eyes, off of the unbelievers' eyes.
We say in the name of Jesus, their eyes are flooded with light.
We call their eyes to be flooded with light right now.
And we say in the name of Jesus, they are born again.
We thank you, Lord, according to Ephesians, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
We call an enlightenment over their eyes right now, Father, that they would be drawn to the Holy Ghost, that the Holy Spirit would draw them.
For you said in your word that no man comes to the Father unless he is drawn by him.
And I believe, Father, that it's time for that Holy Ghost pull, for that pulling in their hearts, that though they may be so blind in the natural, they may be so blind by the darkness, Father, those blinders are coming off their eyes.
Their eyes are being flooded with light.
Their eyes are being flooded with the glory.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that the glorious church is rising, Father, and that we take our rightful place and privilege in the name of Jesus.
And Father, we stand on your word.
We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word says.
And Father, you said that we can have whatsoever things we say.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that life and death is in the power of our tongue.
And we say out of our mouth in the name of Jesus, we are blessed.
We're a blessed people, and we have tithers' rights.
We believe, Father, those tithers' rights are coming strong and overflow, that you said in your word in Malachi that you rebuke the devourer for our sake.
We call those things in and we call the finances in, in the name of Jesus.
Father, the camels are coming.
Father, not just a little thimbleful, but Father, you said good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give into our bosom.
That's what your word says.
And we believe, Father, that the giver, the sower, and the reaper will go hand in hand, and it will be a supernatural time for supernatural acceleration.
We're not going to go, "Well, we gave and it's been years before we see our harvest.
" Father, we believe that there is a time right now that the sowers and the reaper are going hand in hand.
And when they sow it, the reaper is right on their heels.
The sower, the reaper is right on their heels.
Father, that's the kind of acceleration we're talking about, not seedtime harvest, but seed harvest, seed harvest.
Because, Father, you said, "I'm accelerating the times because the times are short.
" The times are short, and we believe, Father, that you've called us right now for an accelerated time, for supernatural acceleration over our finances.
And we believe, Father, that we're not to be the tail, we're to be the head.
We believe we'll be above and not beneath.
We'll go through and we'll not go under.
We believe that, Father, you are the God that provides the cattle on a thousand hills.
Father, you provide the ram in the bush.
Just like you took care of Abraham, you'll take care of us.
I thank you, Lord, that you are the God of more than enough, not barely getting by.
I believe that God is a God of more than enough, that he is exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
And so, Father, we call that right in for jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses, benefits, sales and commissions, growth and estates and inheritances, rebates and returns, checks in the mail, gifts and surprises, finding money, bills paid off, bills decreased, blessing and increase.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
That's the kind of God we serve, that you are a more than enough God.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there's supernatural abundance on their households.
And we thank you, Lord, for they are being promoted.
We stand, Diana, Braden, and I, we're all in agreement that they are being promoted right where they are.
Father, they'll be the runner of the company, the CEO, the person who's the vice president.
They'll say, "Man, there's just something about you.
You may not have the education, but you have something about you.
" But you have the Holy Ghost, and you're always coming up with witty ideas and creative ideas to bring in wealth to help save that company money.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, just like Daniel, just like Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, their gift made room for them.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're no respecter of persons, and your gift makes room for the people today.
No matter where they are, they could be flipping burgers at McDonald's, but God, they'll be an owner of a McDonald's before too long if that's what their heart's desire is.
I believe, Father, that they don't have to be the burger flipper; they're the ones that own the burger store.
I believe the ones that are cleaning, the janitors, will be the person with the janitorial company.
Everybody has to have a cleaner.
Why not you be the owner of the cleaning place?
Why not you be the one that owns all that and employs all the janitorial people, and that you are the one that has the abundant supply, not just barely getting by?
You go, "Hey, look," and then you pay your people well, you treat them right, you don't dishonor them, you treat them right because why?
Because you represent the King of kings and the Lord of lords.
And that's the way God does it.
God is a God of excellence.
You don't rip people off.
You treat them the way you'd want to be treated.
Do unto others as you want them to do unto you.
You don't sit there and go, "Well, we're going to barely penny-pinch and rip people off.
" No.
Do your best.
Treat people with respect.
Honor them.
And I believe God will honor you as you honor people.
That's what seedtime and harvest is about.
That's what the Lord told me.
He said, "You don't understand.
Acceleration of seedtime and harvest, Brandon.
That's why the tribulation will be hell on earth.
It's because everything has been sowed and sowed.
" There are no more restraints.
The restrainer—who is the restrainer?
The church.
The restrainer will be removed.
We're a praying church that keeps the darkness pushed down.
We make it bow its knee.
We have the authority of a believer.
And because we're here, we're the salt of the earth.
And we make things salty and we make them thirsty because of it.
Don't lose your saltiness.
And that's why I want to tell y'all: don't lose your saltiness today.
Father, I thank you that you make me extra salty.
I thank you that you make Diana extra salty, and my daughters, and my son.
Make us extra salty today, Lord, that we don't lose our flavor, we don't lose what you've called us to do.
We are more salty than we've ever been before.
And I don't mean some slang term like, "You're too salty.
" No, I'm talking about salty for Jesus.
Glory to God.
We've got to get it.
We've got to have that expectation.
Expectation brings the manifestation of what you're believing for.
And as I went to the Billy Burke meetings, I saw people looking to man to solve their problem.
"If he could just touch me, I could be healed.
" And the Lord said, "Brandon, tell them: get their eyes off of man and get their eyes on me.
" He's only able to do what I tell him to do.
He's only able to do what the Holy Spirit allows him to do.
He is just a funnel.
It's being poured into him and he flows.
So guess what?
There's limitation to that.
But you know what?
There's no limitation to you in your relationship with the Father.
I'm tired of bringing man into my equation.
I don't need man; I need Jesus.
And in him, he has everything I need.
He has everything I need.
I don't need a touch from a man; I need a touch from Jesus.
He may use a man to bring it sometimes, but ultimately, I need to sit at his feet.
But whenever you sit at his feet, you can have everything that's in his hand.
You can have it.
Whatever he has, you can have because you're in covenant with him.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're a covenant-keeping God.
And the same covenant that you made with Abraham, the same covenant that you had with Moses, that you would bless Abraham's generation over a thousand generations—I believe that you are still a covenant-keeping God, and, Father, we're your people.
We are your children, your church.
And we are blood-bought, the redeemed, the church.
We're the blood-bought church, the redeemed.
And I believe, Father, that right now you are pouring out that Spirit on us like we should be walking in.
I told D, I said, "I'm tired of feeling like we're pushing through this.
" I went to the other side of it.
You know what I'm talking about?
That Holy Ghost and fire, believing for what I'm talking about—all those scriptures.
I said, "Lord, whatever it takes in me that's holding back anything, change me.
I am on your potter's wheel.
Fix this.
" Because Brandon—I'm telling y'all, Brandon's got issues.
We all got something we're working through.
We're all a work in progress.
But I don't want my cup to be really shallow; I want my cup to be deep.
And I want my cup to run over.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life.
And there's an overflow of his mercy.
There's an overflow of his goodness.
So now I'll pray in the spirit for a little bit.
I told you all that, I try to stir you up with what the Holy Ghost has given me today for you.
But let's pray in the spirit.
You want to?
So, Father...
I'm seeing a building again.
I see a building, and at the top, at the very top, it's all on fire.
All four—I see one, two, three, there's for sure three sides.
I can't see the other side.
And, you know, it's a glass front all up.
It's really, really beautiful.
It's a really square building.
But on the very top—it's not all the way up to the top, it's right towards a quarter of the way—and there's fire all around it.
And the fire is burning outward.
It's burning outward of this building.
It's an attack.
Come on.
He sings a song over you today.
There's a rain.
I see rain.
I see the rain again.
I see the rain.
I see a rain coming.
I see a rain, a refreshing on those dry bones.
On those dry bones, I see a refreshing of the rain.
I forgot I was doing a live.
I get caught up in it.
I could see over there, I was looking.
Many of you—the Lord said—many of you, there have been great attempts to keep you off track from where he's called you to be.
Family, friends, relatives of all kinds, but they've put a snare.
And it's like when you keep slipping in it, and you keep slipping in it, and you can't seem to get any traction to walk through it.
And it's time you put those people that are on the sidelines—the peanut gallery—out of your mind and do what God's called you to do.
You need to hear me.
There's a peanut gallery always telling you, "Well, you're not good enough.
You've not walked good enough.
You've not done this.
You've not done that.
Well, you're not educated.
You don't have what it takes.
Well, you know, you've been this way and you'll probably always be this way.
" You've got to tell the peanut gallery to get out of your way.
You've got to do what God has called you to do.
You're running out of time.
God has put his hand on you from a child, and you have to shake off the peanut gallery.
I understand there are always going to be people that tell you you don't have what it takes.
There are always going to be people that say, "Well, you've been broke, you'll always be broke.
" You'll never be broke.
But God can turn it on a dime.
God can turn your circumstance, and you don't need what you think you needed.
God can open the doors that no man can open.
You don't need man; you need a Father.
You need Jesus.
And he'll open the doors for ministry for you whenever he sees that you're ready for it.
I thought for all the time of my life that it was going to be who I rubbed shoulders with.
"Well, if I put myself around this person, if I put myself around that person, maybe they'll see me and know me, and they'll give me an opportunity to speak or do whatever.
" But the Lord never allowed that one time.
He said to me, "Brandon, what I'm about to do with you, no man will get the glory for.
No man will get the glory for.
" And over this course of time, he said, "Just go on YouTube and I'll do the rest.
" He breathed on it.
It had nothing to do with Brandon or Diana.
Nothing to do with us.
It had everything to do with obedience and a God that said, "I say it's time.
" And we limit God in our own minds by thinking that's how he has to operate.
Well, it'll be by our pastor, it'll be by an evangelist, it'll be by sister so-and-so.
"If I just serve them, if I do this, if I do that, if I could just be their armor bearer...
" No.
Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
You know what he told me recently?
Even was it three days ago, wasn't it, Braden?
He said this: "You'll become more reclusive, yet I've called you to be separate.
I don't want anybody influencing you.
I want you to speak exactly what I tell you to say when I tell you to say it, and put your pink shorts on.
" He said, "So the things that you have in your mind of how it's going to work out, it ain't me.
Stop allowing your flesh to dictate how you do things.
Just flow with the voice of God, and he'll put you in front of the people he needs to put you in front of.
" How many times I've told people, "No, I don't want to do that interview.
" "Well, that'll get you really promoted.
That'll get you exposure.
" I don't need your exposure; I need Jesus.
Do you understand?
Whatever he tells you to do, he'll blow on it, and he creates something out of nothing.
He can create something out of nothing if you can just give him your undivided attention and your yielded heart.
And all that you do, in word and in deed, do all to the glory of God.
And he'll go.
And that's what he did.
I tried to be around the biggest pastors, the biggest ministers.
"Oh Lord, that's going to get me there.
" And every single one of them said, "Nope.
" And finally, I gave up.
And it was at my place of death and surrender at the altar that God said, "Now you're ready.
" I said, "I don't want to do this anymore.
I can't do this.
I can't fix Megan.
" Whenever I let go of Megan in my heart, my little girl, is when God started doing a miracle in her life, and she's getting better and better, and you can see her.
She sits in service.
We couldn't go to church before.
It's when I let go of what I thought I could help him fix—I had my hand in it.
God doesn't need your help; he just needs your surrender.
God doesn't need your help; he needs your surrender.
And that's where I met him, at my surrender.
I said, "Lord, I can't do this anymore.
I cannot provide for my family anymore.
I'm tired of living on minimum wage.
I'm tired of living on food stamps.
" And at my point of surrender, God started giving me ideas for money.
God started teaching me, but it wasn't overnight.
It was a process.
As you do this, as you walk, as you obey—as they went, they were healed.
As they went, they were healed.
And I latch onto that: as they went, they were healed.
As they went, they were made prosperous as they do what he tells them to do.
As they went, what did he tell you to do?
"Go dip in the river seven times.
" That's crazy.
Do it.
So all that.
He'll take your little and make it a lot.
He'll expand your baskets full twelve times over if you just believe him.
He'll stretch your cap, your little of what you have, and make it a lot.
"Well, I don't have much left.
I don't have that.
" It only took the widow that was talking to Elijah a little flour and a little oil to stretch forth a lot.
God has to take your little and will turn it into a lot if you just obey what he asked you to do.
He takes the widow's mite and says, "She gave all that she had, but she gave more than them because she gave from her heart.
" You understand?
God will breathe upon your little like he did with the widow, what he did with the fishes and the loaves.
He's into showing up and showing off, and doing shock and awe in your life.
He wants to show how big he is.
And I remember even as a boy, we sow and my parents would sow.
We all sow.
We all give, and we have nothing, and God comes through.
There's never been a time that I've never had food in my stomach.
I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
That's what David said.
I believe that God is able to provide.
Whenever I told you I saw the people with what's coming, praying around pots of food, and there were empty pots, and they just set the table and they did it by faith, and they laid their hands—they all gathered around the table and they started praying.
They said, "Father, we don't have nothing but whatever we have, there was a little there, multiply it.
" And all of a sudden it was bountiful.
It was so much.
And there was steam coming off the beans, and there was steam coming off the cornbread, and there was steam coming off the hot potatoes.
God will show up in the least.
I'm telling you folks, you need to believe him for the supernatural.
That's where I've been.
That's why I keep raising my kids.
I know that God is able.
Even whenever I hear her laughing in there right now—she's laughing, she ain't crying.
I don't know if you can hear.
I'd bring her in here and let her talk to y'all.
Let Megan say, "Hi," because she's come so far.
And I believe there are so many of you who say, "Brandon, I have a child with special needs.
Will God do it for mine?
" If he did it for me—you don't realize how bad she was.
You don't realize how bad Megan was and how far she has come.
It seems so impossible.
It seems so impossible, but he specializes in the impossible.
"Their hearts are too hard toward me.
" I hear someone say, "Their hearts are just too hard toward me.
My circumstances will never change.
" Well, I'm going to tell you, God specializes in the impossible.
My father specializes in the impossible.
Now, many of you think, "Well, he forgot about the building with the fires.
" No, I still see it.
I see it right now.
But you see, I'm not moved by that building with the fires.
I'm not moved by it.
The Lord wanted to minister to your heart.
It's in Chicago.
Just remember that.
That's Chicago.
Yeah, it's the building in Chicago.
Is that okay?
If you live in Chicago, this act is a distraction from something else.
I'm allowed to say that something else is going to happen at the exact same time this is happening.
I'm in the spirit.
I can see it.
This is to attract everyone there while something happens over here.
It's sleight of hand.
Like you know what I'm talking about.
Sleight of hand.
This is over here.
They're doing this over here to try to pull the law enforcement and all them over here while they do something major over here.
And as everybody's fleeing here, they do something over here.
And this is very serious over here.
And this is the prime target.
This is the prime target.
No, it will happen all at the same time.
You hear me?
I see it all right now.
I'm looking into it really well.
I see it.
You know what I'm talking about, Braden.
I see it really clear.
Is there a river that runs through there?
What is that?
Like there's like a river that is running through Chicago.
It's like a stream.
What is that water there?
What is that?
Am I looking at Chicago?
I see water.
No.
Lord said, "Brandon, that's Boston.
You're looking at two different places at one time.
Two places at one time.
Boston has water.
I see water running through Boston.
It's like a river, like a stream running through Boston.
Chicago is the cities.
It's the five.
We're praying into those five cities, son.
It's the five: Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia, New York, Washington.
" He said, "You're not praying into all of them right now.
You're praying into two, one in particular, and that is Chicago.
" Okay?
All at the same time.
Do you get that?
We're praying in.
They're all on the same time.
They're not all separate.
They're separate events all on the same day.
Okay.
So I see: five.
One, two, three, four, five.
So that's what we're praying into.
When we're praying into that, it's an onion that has layers.
I see the Boston Fire Department.
I see the men in the fire uniforms praying over them.
Later, you see my phone, son.
The Lord said, "Give me...
" I can't say it out loud.
He said, "This is concerning Austin.
" Oh, Father, I pray over the fire department, the first responders, the ones that are there first.
Oh God, let everything be uncovered as they are the first responders.
Let every booby trap be uncovered.
I see one man.
He is bald-headed like me.
He has a mustache—a black mustache, but it's not thick; it's very thin.
He has brown eyes and he's pretty round-headed.
I see him run in there first.
I see this man; he's very clear to me.
He's the first one, and we pray over him.
He has a family.
I see his family, and we pray.
Oh God, Father, I thank You that You protect this man.
The others—the flash of the fire can drive the others.
It's a backdraft.
It's like this fire comes out of this thing, and he's engulfed, but these others are burnt really bad.
I can see them really clearly.
Whoever these men are, Lord, I pray for protection around and about our fire department.
Father, have mercy on them.
Father, I thank You that the angels of the Lord...
I see a white dove intervening, causing a distraction.
It's a tripwire.
Fly up by the tripwire.
Expose every plan, every plot of the wicked.
Every tripwire, I see it.
It's like in a hall.
It's an apartment room that's rigged; it's an apartment that's rigged.
I see it so clearly.
We pray over every single one of them that You'll spare their lives, Father.
Protect them.
I thank You for Your angels.
I thank You, Father.
In every city, You expose them.
That's what I got in the spirit right then: in every city, You'll expose them.
We're in times like you've never seen before.
Yep, for sure.
And they will accelerate as labor pains upon a woman.
I told you from September 23rd, watch the victory.
A great acceleration has happened so far, just like He said it would.
And it will continue to grow, and it will be compounding.
It will be like a snowball rolling down the hill, gaining momentum.
That momentum will grow, and it will be with your weather, it will be with your heavens, it will be with your earth's crust, it will be with your politics, and it will be with your church.
Remember, this is an acceleration so much so that all of them will happen at the same time, at a point in time.
It won't just be one thing.
Politics, war, rumors of war—it will be all of them compounding, is what He's saying.
You'll turn on your news and every day you'll see all of it like dominoes.
You have never seen what you're about to see.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say to me, "You need to get your house in order.
Get ready.
" Get ready, for a great humbling is coming.
A great manifestation of the glory is coming.
You need to get your house in order.
Repent; turn from your wicked ways.
You're running out of time each day.
The clock is ticking, and in the hourglass, the sand is flowing.
Remember, you're running out of time.
You must get on the boat in time with your heart today.
Change and repent before it's too late.
You say, "Well, I haven't seen anything.
I haven't seen this.
" Open your eyes.
Look around you.
And it's not all about America.
It's a Western culture to always think that way—that it's about us, it's about America, America first.
No, it's about the world.
Watch what God does with the whole world.
Isn't that amazing that you can pray like this in a hotel room and the Spirit of God fill a hotel room like this?
It's so thick, I'm telling you.
And I'm in a hotel room.
I was leery of doing this in a hotel room, and I said, "Let's do it.
" I felt pressed of the Lord to do it, but it's like at the house—whoever's going to get this hotel room next, it'll fill them, I tell you that.
It's saturating this chair.
I feel that weight of that prophetic mantle.
It comes down on me.
Be the watcher.
Glory to God!
You see, we have to go.
We'll be late for the church service tonight.
It's getting late.
We only have 30 minutes, and it takes a little bit to get there.
Glory to God.
I know, baby, we have to go.
I prayed for almost an hour and a half, didn't I, son?
Mama said, "Are you still alive?
" I said, "Yeah, we're still alive.
" Well, regardless of whether I feel released yet, I have to go to this service.
I want to be a part of this prayer service.
It's important.
The Lord said, "Assemble yourselves.
" We have 5,400 right now.
He said, "You have to go assemble yourselves together and pray.
" Each one brings their part, each one brings their supply, and I believe that's what's so important about these prayer services.
We all bring our supply.
Thank you for watching today.
We'll do it again tomorrow.
I'll pray more.
I have a good internet connection here, so I can pray with y'all.
I'll eat and see what the Lord has for us.
I was praying about going to Billy Burke in Tennessee.
I was going to do a broadcast with Kim Clement's daughter, Donne, so I don't know if I'm going to do that still.
I'm just flowing with what the Holy Spirit wants me to go and do, and we'll see.
I'm excited to be here around all these prayer warriors, and I'm so thankful.
I pray this blessed you, this little hour and a half.
I'm sorry it couldn't be more, but I'll go now and start driving over there.
Thank God, Mike told me he'd sow a seed tonight.
So, thank God for Mike; he's my friend.
God bless you all.
Do they have any questions?
Are they okay?
Everybody's good.
Happy birthday, Braden.
Thank you.
He's a good boy.
He got blessed at Billy Burke.
I'm telling you, the power of God knocked him down.
He got a touch from Jesus.
Every one of my family got a word from the Lord.
At the Billy Burke meeting, it was beautiful.
He gave me a word, He gave Braden a word, He gave Diana a word from the Lord.
Even Megan Paisley got a word, too.
Earthquakes.
Yeah, I didn't see any earthquakes today.
Right now I just saw some attacks coming to America still—Boston, Chicago.
Pray for our firefighters, the first responders.
Yeah, they're trying to guess what power it is; it's that one right there, but I'm not going to release that on the internet.
Do you see that building right there?
This one?
Yes, I'm not putting that on the internet; yeah, it's that one right there.
Well, glory to God.
Thank you for this time of prayer today.
I really appreciate you devoting your time with us to pray, and I pray that your cup is overflowing.
Glory to God.
I have a real urgency concerning this.
It's still very heavy on me concerning these firefighters.
I don't really know what to do with it.
I leave it to you, and I pray that you continue to pray for these firefighters, these first responders that could be in harm.
That's in the natural, what I saw.
I don't know the event.
I don't know what time.
I don't know when.
I just keep praying.
It's more involved.
It's like I said, it keeps rolling to pray, to pray, to pray.
It's very serious.
This is one event, all in one day, and it's a major deal.
So we keep praying into this.
Okay.
So I don't know the time frame.
I don't know anymore.
So God bless you all.
Remember, we love you.
Thank you for watching.
Thank you for being a part of our prayer channel.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
We'll pray again tomorrow.
Who wants to pray, go tubing tomorrow?
You say in the comments down below if you want to go tubing again tomorrow.
I'll pray with you all again tomorrow.
Other than that, God bless you, and we'll see.